# ExtremeReactors
This is my first project; it's a group of lua scripts that control an Extreme Reactors reactor and an expandable array of Immersive Technology steam turbine multiblocks. It is not plug and play; some setup will be required.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

temperature_manager.lua - this file will run regardless of the turbines you have connected to the reactor or if they're connected to the OpenComputers computer network. If you don't have Immersive Technology installed, this file is the only one you'll be able to use.

component_addresses.lua - this file searches the connected components for Immersive Technology Steam Turbines and creates a .txt file of the same name in the instances/<yourinstance>/saves/OpenComputers folder. Within this text file are the addresses of all connected Immersive Technology Steam Turbines. You will need these later.

turbine_list.lua - this file sets up the component proxies you will need in the turbine control script. It is also where you will put the addresses generated by component_addresses.lua. Do not touch the names within turbine_list.lua. They exist in other parts of the turbine control scripts, and will break things if changed. Replaces my addresses with yours. The addressess are the seeminly random sequences of numbers and letters. Example: turbine_01 = "40dec0d4-ca0a-4390-8847-035366110c5b". Leave turbine_01 alone and replace "40dec0d4-ca0a-4390-8847-035366110c5b" with your address.

HoM_Controller - this is the file you will use to start the managing system. It will activate the reactor and tell you if fuel or coolant levels (if applicable) are dangerously low. Once You've downloaded all the files, type HoM_Controller into the command line and the controller will handle the rest from there.
